Gold
Membership
$
5,000
every month
+$25,000 One Time Member Ownership Fee
Access Yachts Up To 70ft
Future Access To Marinas In Caribbeans, Europe & More...
APPLY NOW
Unlimited reservations 4 Bookings at a time. *Gold members are entitled to four (4) reservations concurrently on the calendar, two (2) on weekdays and two (2) on weekends.
Platinum
Membership
$
7,500
every month
+$50,000 One Time Member Ownership Fee
Access Yachts Up To 80ft
Future Access To Marinas In Caribbeans, Europe & More...
APPLY NOW
Unlimited reservations 6 Bookings at a time. *Platinum members are entitled to six (6) reservations concurrently on the calendar, no more than three (3) on weekdays and with three (3) on weekends.
Diamond
Membership
$
10,000
every month
+$100,000 One Time Member Ownership Fee
Access Yachts Up To 100ft
Future Access To Marinas In Caribbeans, Europe & More...
APPLY NOW
Unlimited reservations 6 Bookings at a time. *Diamond members are entitled to six (6) reservations concurrently on the calendar, three (3) on weekdays and three (3) on weekends.
The Member Ownership Fee is a one-time, lifetime fee that grants ownership of a membership which owns the right to use the yachts. As long as membership dues are maintained, and once we reach the maximum number of memberships sold, new members will only be able to join by purchasing a membership from an existing member through MBYC directly.

The bookings replenish 48 hours after you complete your trip.

Mariner’s Membership
The Ultimate Flexible Yachting Experience
The Mariner’s Membership is designed for those who seek ultimate flexibility in their yachting experience. This à la carte membership allows you to tailor your access to the club on a month-to-month basis, choosing your membership tier based on your plans and needs.

HOW IT WORKS:
Membership can begin on the 1st or 15th of any month.
Members can change tiers each month depending on their schedule.
Example: Be a Gold Member from Feb 15 – March 15, switch to Diamond from March 15- April 15, and take a break until returning in September, without paying for unused months.
No long-term commitments, only pay for the months you choose to be active.

Pricing
One-Time Member Ownership Fee: $10,000
Monthly Fee: 2X the standard monthly membership rate
Gold: $10,000/month
Platinum: $15,000/month
Diamond: $20,000/month
Benefits & Outing Access
Gold Membership: 4 four-hour outings per month
Platinum Membership: 6 four-hour outings per month
Diamond Membership: 6 four-hour outings per month
Diamond members get 2 outings on the 95' yacht, and the remaining 4 outings must be on other yachts in the fleet.
FLEXIBILITY:
This membership is perfect for those who split their time between locations, have changing schedules, or want the flexibility to experience different levels of membership throughout the year without any long-term obligations.

Mariner’s Members can switch to a yearly membership plan at any time, and their initial $10,000 Member Ownership fee will be credited towards their yearly membership. And by switching to full time membership your monthly fees will be cut in half.